What prompted you to become a political reporter, so to speak?
I've been looking for a way to do an American travel book.
That's how it started.
I didn't want to go out on the road.
I wanted to go out with some particular purpose and with a narrative logic.
other than me just touring around.
And then it fell into my lap.
I mean, the editor of the New Republic called and said, you want to go come to the campaign for us?
That's it.
That's how I'm going to do it.
Did he mean the entire campaign?
I think, you know, when he called, I think he meant to go up to New Hampshire or Iowa and see, you know, after Iowa and write us a few pieces.
But, but.
Yeah, because the campaign, you know, you're talking about America.
Yeah, no, I know.
But we were,
But he had agreed, and I said, well, look, I don't really have that much interest anymore in doing pieces about it because this is a frame for something I've long wanted to do.
How do you feel about it?
Were you thinking book at this point?
Oh, yeah, instantly.
In fact, I thought of it, I was serializing the book as I wrote it.
which is one of the reasons why I was so insistent about keeping my characters in it even after they've lost.
And this was a war.
It was very funny.
The new public readership saved me.
No editor in his right mind would print material about
Maury Taylor in June.
In June.
But the readers, the letters from the readers were, where's Maury?
Let them go lie about Maury.
Forget about the campaign.
There were so many of those sort of letters that they backed me up.
To the New Republic.
Yeah, to the New Republic.
They backed me up.
And they pulled me in somewhat on the subject of Maury.
But they saw the point.
They saw that
you couldn't really write about the 96 campaign.
I mean, to write about the 96 campaign, well, you had to not write about it.
You had to find some counterpoint, because it didn't describe itself.
It needed a foil, and Morley was the foil.
What are the demos on the readers who are responding to Morley, just out of curiosity?
What do you think?
The young reader or the disenchanted reader?
I imagine it's a mixture.
The only answer I would have for that is that when you went to rallies, when you went to these people's rallies, you were seeing sort of different slices of the political marketplace.
A certain kind of person went to a Buchanan rally, a certain kind of person went to a Forbes rally.
And the kind of person who turned up at a Maury Taylor rally were people who were generally not that interested in politics.
I mean, the people who were sort of disengaged.
And the kind of letters I got were usually from people who were just readers.
They didn't have a point.
They didn't think of...
They weren't thinking like, they didn't have the op-ed mentality.
They didn't live for the abortion cause.
They weren't cause people.
They were readers.
And there were women especially like them.
I met a lot of letters from women about Maury.
But that's priceless stuff.
People saying that they're never going to vote again unless Maury Taylor runs.
People, you know, you get letters on... They're never going to what again?
They're never going to vote again unless Maury Taylor runs.
That kind of stuff.
Very funny things.
Remember the Pat Paulson running for president thing?
Yeah.
I mean, totally off the wall.
Did he ever take himself seriously?
Pat Paulson?
No, your guy.
Oh, yeah, completely.
Oh look, you've got to understand that when he started,
I mean, he really has this reputation in Midwestern manufacturing circles.
He's a miracle worker, a real miracle worker.
He's a poor boy.
He's made himself.
He's going to be worth a billion dollars one day, and it's going to be done in a way that it's actually, it's the acceptable face of capitalism.
This man is creating jobs for his workers, and he has a relationship with his workers.
How old is he here?
52.
When he went down to that Perot convention and talked to them, they picked him up.
They put him on almost every ballot in the country.
And he had, in many ways, a more legitimate presidential campaign than Graham or Lamar.
I mean, he had a national organization without very much money.
I mean, a relatively little money he didn't spend.
And his own money, as you point out.
And his own money.
And Graham spending so much on other people's money.
But the more he spent a quarter of the grand spent and outperformed it.
And I guess he thought that there was, you know, once he refused to be handled at all, once he refused to read a speech and refused not to say that last little thing that was on his mind, he was doomed.
But there was a brief period when he was always doomed.
Yeah, he was always really doomed.
But he might have had a little bit of a gutter around him.
Let's be, let's be.
No, but I mean, he was doing total obscurity.
I mean, look what Steve Forbes did.
You can't tell me that Steve Forbes was a more legitimate character than Morris.
Well, what did Steve Forbes do?
Did he ever have a prairie now?
Well, it depends on who you talk to.
The consultant class in Washington will tell you that they think that had he handled a little bit differently the last few weeks of his campaign, he could have won the nomination.
I mean, money was absolutely no object.
Yeah.
Money was no object.
If money could have bought it, it would have bought it in that case.
But my point is not that he would have become president.
My point is that
If Morrie had handled it a little differently, he might have been the Forbes character.
He might have been the person who... His name might fall off of more people's tongues.
That kind of thing.
We all do know who Steve Forbes is.
Yeah.
I'm not so sure so many people know who Morrie is.
Oh, no.
No, that's a great... To this day.
That's the great picture of him.
When I opened this thing, I said, what the hell is he writing?
I mean, I'm a pretty savvy reader.
I got a New York Times and Wall Street Journal here.
I read these papers, and I had to dig back into my trunk card because I really felt like...
You needed to engage a reader with a subject, to engage me with a subject.
You had to come at it in an unexpected way.
And I thought it was wonderful that you're opening a book on an Isaacs campaign, and the first candidate you meet is Maury Taylor.
You're not sure whether you're reading fiction or nonfiction.
Well, it's good also because I think it has absolutely established the tone of this book.
Yeah.
This is not the boys on the bus.
No.
You know, and it's not David Golder telling us, giving us the campaign... It's not a pundit.
It's not a pundit book.
And you're not a pundit?
No.
What are you, as a matter of fact, what you say?
I get in trouble deciding whether I was a Democrat or a Republican the whole time.
Well, I didn't mean politically.
I mean, what are you in terms of... I don't think of myself as a writer.
Okay.
You know, I think of myself as someone who's trying to write...
non-fiction narrative books and drag readers where they don't think they're going to go.
I mean, the great pleasure of a lot is poker is dragging all these people who think they would never read a book about business or finance into Wall Street and teaching them about it a little bit, giving them some idea.
And I was hoping that I could do this with this process in a way it's more important.
So I think of it, no, I think of myself as a
as the generalist.
My ambition when I was through this was never to write another book about politics again.
That may change.
But there's always this desire in the part of the world to professionalize you, to make you more of what you've been and keep you in your niche.
I'd rather just be an amateur.
So, I think of myself as an amateur and a writer.
So, did a good part of this book appear in magazine form?
Or were they basically five-finger exercises for setting up, you know, the book?
Combination.
And this is a practical thing.
About half of it ended up in the New Republic.
As we read it here?
Yeah.
Or changed.
All of it was edited.
But does this bother you?
I'm thinking for my own personal reasons here now.
Are you concerned that maybe the readers of the magazine are going to say, I read this before they appear fresh to them?
Oh, no.
I have letters.
I have a stack like that of letters from people who wanted me just to reprint the new publications.
Okay, good.
What's the first printing of this?
You know, they said 100,000, so what does that mean?
Maybe 50 or 60.
With the presses at the ready.
What I did is I took the New Republic's truck and it came to about 80,000 words and I cut out about 20,000 of that.
and just dropped it and then reshaped the rest of the material.
It came out and then built it back up to twice that size.
But it was a fun experiment.
It was an old-fashioned experiment that novelists used to do, is trying to write a book about a subject that's happening before your eyes in a serial form.
I mean, you could pick characters and develop them over the course of ten months.
Tell me what I did in my book, by the way.
That's what I'm bringing.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I basically went out as a reporter in public stories that happened.
Right.
Auctions in New York.
We covered all the big auctions.
A trial in Iowa.
I went and covered the trial and carried the guy.
You know, the book thief, the greatest book thief of the 20th century.
the Haven O'MoR story over there.
This was basically a story that I investigated and followed.
And you found your characters.
Oh, and they are characters.
They absolutely belong to me, as far as I'm concerned, as characters.
I don't want this on tape if you're writing punditry.
If I was writing punditry, it would be that letter by the time you were ready to publish.
Who wants to read a reprinted op-ed piece?
But because these were stories and characters that were going to be developed further, it felt very organic taking it into a book.
But more importantly, from the point of view of trying to explain to people what this book is,
The world is set up for a certain kind of political book.
And when you go on Inside Politics on CNN, they really want you to be as a pundit when you come on and talk about your book.
And they keep trying to shove the book, make the book that sort of thing, which this is not.
And it's against that in a way.
And having put some of it in the magazine where Judy Woodruff read it,
is saving me, because she understands that she would never read that time to read the book before I came on to go, this political person is going to tell us why Dole won, or Dole lost, or why Clinton won, or whatever they're going to do.
And let's be clear that you don't do that at all.
I don't do that at all.
And you probably don't have, you know, a professional clue.
I don't have... You don't know as much as, you know... Yeah, the next guy.
The next guy.
And I sort of feel that, I feel that
is generally true about these people who are on the talk shows on Sunday morning that all the prognostication and that they don't have a clue either.
You know, I mean, I always thought those shows would be better if they had, you know, cab drivers on them or just ordinary people off the streets because the idea of professionalizing political futurology or, you know, or even worse, the sort of business of
saying what America thinks with $275 million.
It's not what I do.
And so it's been helpful that some of it's been read by the people who interviewed me because it enables them to slightly adjust their approach to it.
It enables me to get into what the book really is.
It's an attempt to look at political life, but just a little differently.
Do they find it refreshing the pundits that you've met?
So far, I haven't met with any hostility.
I expect I will at some point.
Where do you think the hostility is?
Here's the hostile take on it.
What?
It's a fun book.
How can you get angry about it?
There are all sorts of people who don't feel like having fun.
The serious response, if this book does really well, I can promise you this piece will be written.
Mr. Lewis doesn't even, it's not even clear whether he's a Democrat or a Republican.
We don't learn anything about welfare reform.
You know, we don't learn anything, you know, he's not interested in the details of legislation.
What they will do is challenge its seriousness on the grounds that it's fun.
And, well, is it serious in your view?
It is serious in my view.
I feel like, I feel like, and that's probably what about liar poker, that
Humor is not unserious.
Humor is a very serious thing.
It's a tool, I mean, in addition to being a source of pleasure, it's a tool for approaching and enlivening a subject.
And it's serious in the sense that you can attempt
to seriously undermine the slick, professional, political campaign, and try to show it for what it is.
And the only way you could do that would be reference to something else.
It's like you can't understand what a bad painting is unless it's a good painting.
It's to bring people who aren't taken seriously by the political process into it.
Do you think it's a 1990s take on the selling of the president in Louisville McGuinness' book?
The book that made Joe McGinnis.
It's an attempt to move the genre forward.
I really thought that there was a chance to move the campaign book genre forward.
And there's this long... It starts with Teddy White, right?
Teddy White through McGinnis and Hunter Thompson and Tim Krause.
Tim Krause's book I loved.
Yeah, it was a wonderful book.
But since then, there hasn't been... There haven't been campaign books that I thought were really alive.
That last one...
Richard Ben Cramer.
Oh, it was terrible.
The doorstop.
It was terrible.
It was impenetrable.
They allowed him to totally indulge him.
We're talking a record.
Yeah, it was a thousand pages.
Yeah, without an index, which was arrogance beyond... There was no index?
By direction.
Oh.
He said, I do not want people just picking it up and looking for themselves in the book.
And he ordered them not to do an index.
Oh.
And I think that was, I think that was devastating.
I mean, because it's also, it's also, it's inexcusable.
I'm not sure anybody really read that book.
Few people have too.
Not only did they not read it, but I think they didn't even read parts of it.
Right.
Because at least, I mean, they were, they were now unable to go even, even go in and find themselves that they were interested in.
So, I never read it.
I tried, but I turned down, totally turned down an opportunity to interview the guy.
Because I said, I'm not going to read this goddamn thing.
This is a lot of work here.
You have to read 100 pages on Joe Biden.
Is that what?
Did you read the book?
I read parts of it.
I mean, I kind of flipped through it.
And this is not for quotation.
I'm just curious.
anyway so so so i think that particular election didn't have any didn't have a book no and neither did the last one and neither did which and the last one should have actually yeah probably should have it's a pretty interesting election yeah but you know it's funny the the inherent interest of the election doesn't seem to be related to the quality of the books that come out of it if you think about it there was the 70 i guess the 72 election was interesting simply because watergate was happening
But the books that came out of it, Boars on the Bus and Fear and Loathing, I Can't Dangerous, they don't even mention Worriedly.
I think what makes these books, when they work,
It's something about the relationship between the process and American life.
And they're getting at something.
And in this case, it was the total juncture.
It was, you know, less than half the people voted.
It was extraordinary.
And the people who voted, and this is the thing that is so hard, you can't even say on a pundit show, is that the people who voted,
It's always assumed that those who voted, voted passionately.
It means something.
We can read their votes as saying something larger about what Americans think and believe.
But I think that when people voted this time, it was like the decision between
going to see Die Hard 2 in Waterworld.
I mean, a vote can be a very shallow thing, cast out of guilt because, you know, you vote habitually, you're proud you vote, but not because you actually passionately, someone is passionately speaking for you.
And I don't think, I think that I would get the vast majority of you.
The Clinton crowd's greatest fear was voter empathy, that they wouldn't vote.
Yeah.
And that was, and that, and in Congress, that was the dole's
crowd's biggest hope is that the hardcore Republicans are going to come out and maybe we'll sneak through them.
Right.
But the funny thing is the hardcore Republicans who would come out didn't particularly care at all.
It was just the lesser of two evils.
Yeah, and he was a nice guy.
I mean, I thought he was a nice guy.
Yeah.
But isn't it extraordinary the way
The campaign made him so much less of a nice guy.
I mean, his personality shines through more in a Visa commercial.
You just took the words out of my mouth.
These commercials are wonderful.
This guy is funny.
Why does this guy run for president?
I just can't win.
That's a great line.
Got some ID.
Oh, great.
Wonderful.
Why couldn't that same group that did that ad do his campaign?
Handle them.
It's easy to say.
I love the fact that you're conceiving this as a travel book.
My new book, I conceive it totally as a travel book.
Really?
A travel book to libraries through history.
It's boring.
It sounds totally boring, doesn't it?
But if you go to, excuse me, I'm going to get the vacant look.
No, no, no, no.
I love the vacant look.
I don't understand what you're saying.
Well, I'll do a word.
Let's finish talking about it.
Because really, if we were here to talk about this, I need some more quotes here.
The book speaks for itself, but let's talk a little bit about Liar's Poker and how that, you know...
how that developed, what you were doing prior to the writing of that book.
I mean, I don't think you were all... Working at Salomon Brothers.
You're not a writer by original... Well, I knew that's what I wanted to do about my freshman year in college.
Which is where, by the way?
Princeton.
Uh-huh.
But I also thought...
I was alienated from the writerly crowd at Princeton.
They all wore kind of black turtlenecks and smoked off in the corner.
It was a clique, and I never really liked cliques.
What was your major?
Art history.
Interesting.
A neutral kind of a major.
Considering the two fields that you went into.
Well, you know what?
Art history has been very useful to me because it teaches you to look.
I mean, in learning to look at paintings, it's helped me look at, I mean, it was wonderful for this, because it was staged tableau.
The Dan Quayle thing is priceless.
Always waving at nobody.
And why are the cameras always sucked in?
Why don't they do a pan around the scene?
Because they're not rewarded for entrepreneurship or ingenuity.
They're rewarded for not screwing up.
like the candidate.
Everybody in this process is rewarded for not screwing up, which is why it's got this horrible, riskless feeling to it.
And that's all about taking risks.
You've got to take risks.
But nobody at the center of it really wants to take a risk.
I'm going back to teaching you to look.
But art history was useful, very useful in that way.
In fact, you'll find, I'm surprised by the number of writers I run across who have some art historical training.
Bruce Chatwin, another person who would often talk about his art historical training.
That's very interesting.
You know, this is my greatest weapon, I think, in my eyes.
They developed that.
So you're talking about seeing things or actually seeing textures as well?
Seeing compositions, colors, especially when what you're seeing has been organized for your eyes, like a political campaign.
You think about it.
Maybe it's this.
that one of the things you do in art history in just kyle's art history courses is you stare at a painting for an hour or two hours to find interesting things to write about even when nothing initially occurs to you and sometimes you learn that sometimes
that it's in the second hour that all of a sudden something happens.
And sometimes it's the simplest thing.
I remember with Donatello's David, the effeminate bronze.
I was writing about Donatello and thinking about, I was going to make the argument that here was Donatello, he revived, it wasn't original, he revived,
The freestanding nude.
This is the first nude statue in early Renaissance sculpture.
Something was wrong.
I couldn't see out what was bothering about it.
I looked and looked.
It has a hat.
It has little boots.
It's not nude.
It's just that the genitals are displayed.
He was not...
It was not a slavish copy of an antique form.
It was something that there was an original dimension to it.
But it was something that, I mean, a very simple and obvious thing.
But you learn that there's a benefit to staring.
I guess that's what it is.
But in any case, I found myself alienated from the riderly crowd, not particularly feeling like I fit in with them.
And this is when?
In Princeton.
About when?
In the early 80s.
The 80s.
Graduated when?
82.
About 35, I guess.
36.
And the other thing that always bothered me about, one of the things that bothered me about the crowd, about the notion of what writers were, is that their ambition was to go and write novels right after they got out of college.
Without any experience.
And I thought, you know, Christ, what do you write about?
The writers, and the journalist profession does this too.
Sends people to journalism school, and they don't have any experience of anything else.
And I thought, go find things and go learn things.
Go, you know, mix it up.
And I worked in an art dealership in New York, and then I went and worked as a woodworker.
Where in New York?
Soho?
It was a gallery called Wildenstein, which is on the Upper East Side.
It was all master paintings.
I wasn't that interested in contemporary painting at the time.
And then decided that I really had to know more about economics and went and studied economics for a couple of years in London.
The London School of Economics.
And ended up landing this job at Salomon.
They didn't send me a bio on you.
But it was all, no, that's all.
It was all to a purpose.
It was all kind of thinking, well, one day, I started writing magazine articles when I got out of college.
You know, it was ejected for a year and then things started to fine print.
And the experiences were all, I mean, I needed to make a living, but it was also, in the front of my mind, was you've got to see the way the world is.
My magazine career sort of started to take off when I was in the Solomon Brothers, which was 86, 87.
The New Republic and a couple of the Spectator.
And you were just a kid.
And I seemed that I could make a living.
I couldn't make a living.
I was making the Solomon Brothers out of it, but I could get by.
And what were you doing at Solomon Brothers?
Selling bonds.
And so I quit the job at the Bolleman Brothers, and it seemed the obvious thing to do was to write a story, write a book about that experience.
People were obsessed with it.
There was a market for it, and I was interested in telling it.
The time was perfect.
It was the timing for the public, and that book could not have been better.
End of 89.
The end of the era, sort of.
Exactly.
In my book, I started with the last great auction of the 80s in November of 89, and it was the last great gasp.
Really?
It was perfect.
I mean, what a metaphor for the 80s.
Did the prices fall after that?
It wasn't so much that the prices, the market fell.
Everything fell.
People spent ten times as much for books as they should have.
Right.
This guy spent $2.1 million for the Shakespeare's, and they were expecting to bring in half a million.
Really?
And then when the guy went under, a guy you might have heard of on Wall Street, Richard Manning, he went under.
Funny guy, I have a chapter on him.
Apparently, Sultipides had loaned him money to violate Shakespeare.
They did that with a lot of people.
So they called in their chits, and so he had to sell his whole library.
And guess which books didn't sell?
The Shakespeare's.
They couldn't even get a million dollars for them.
Finally, they sold them privately for a million out to Southern California.
But my point is, yeah, they were vastly overpaid.
So, anyway, I'm sorry.
There are parallels.
It couldn't have been better.
Did you have any thought that this book was going to be what it was?
I mean, I thought that they would be interested in it.
Given the interest in the 80s and the interest in the few things I put in magazines.
The magazines are very useful.
It helped me with this.
It gave me the courage of my conviction.
It told me that go with Maury Taylor.
You've got a whole readership out there that understands what you're trying to do.
And so when it comes time to write the book, you know that there are people who are waiting to hear what you have to say.
No, I didn't have.
You can't predict that a book will sit for 42 weeks on the Times bestseller list.
You just can't do that.
I thought there was a chance they might make it a bestseller because they thought so.
Who was the publisher of it?
Morton.
That's why you asked about Morton.
They must have been thrilled.
No, they were.
I mean, Norton books, they've never had that experience before.
They do with Patrick O'Brien, who does very well.
Yeah.
But not at those levels.
Vincent Bugliosi.
Well, that was 20 years ago.
Yeah, that was the last time they'd had that kind of experience.
Yeah.
And they haven't had it probably since, you know.
No, they haven't.
I like Norton.
I like them a lot.
Yeah, I do, too.
They're very high-quality.
Very nice people, too.
They love my book.
My book is a Norton kind of book.
Yeah, it is.
Anyway, it was a Norton book.
I didn't realize that.
They like books at Norton.
A lot of publishers don't like books.
No, they don't.
That's why I love my house.
I'm so thrilled that they read.
They love books.
That could have sold on the scope of my book.
Let's go back on it.
I just need to transcribe myself talking.
It was really nice.
Did you feel any anxiety doing this book after?
You did have another book in between, right?
And a collection.
It's a collection of journals.
So this is really the second book.
So this is the second book.
It's funny you should ask that.
I felt no anxiety about writing it.
In that way, I was too absorbed in it.
But now that I've actually got to go out and sell it, and they've printed all these copies, yeah, I have this horrible fear that no one's going to buy it.
Until the thing gets a little momentum.
Have there been any reviews yet?
Reviews have been spectacular.
Times review gave it the lead review on Sunday.
The first review in the section.
Where the hell was that?
They flagged it on the front page of the newspaper.
It was great.
Newsday, Wall Street Journal.
The Wall Street Journal gave a... I mean, the review has been wonderful.
I mean, it made me want to write the reviewer's little notes, because what they've done is, they've more or less, they've done my work for me, and they've said, this isn't like political books.
This isn't, it's different.
And they're willing to take it on its own terms.
That's a really good reviewer.
The reviewer who wants you to
I've written a different book.
It's so frustrating, even when they give you a good review.
Well, no, I was a book review editor for a long time, 13 years, and I used to say, don't, don't, if I give you Robert B. Parker to review, don't expect it to be John Updike.
Right.
You know, you must deal with the book on its terms.
And a reviewer that understands that, understands it.
And a reviewer that doesn't, I don't use it.
It's very simple.
But you can't drill this into people.
I think that's exactly what you're saying.
It's the kind of thing that you're doing.
I'm sorry, I keep interrupting you.
That's all right.
So what's next now?
You're a generalist, it seems to me.
Don't you think that once
if this thing does well enough that that maybe what will happen is that i mean it's funny it's very funny what happened because of this stuff in this book that now i'm being pigeonholed as a political writer and it used to be that all these people calling me to write oh you got to write about wall street you know blah blah blah and now i could always because all they want me to do is write about politics and i said you know i've said what i've had to say and i'm gonna move on and i'm and and uh i think what happens is it won't happen now but maybe 10 years from now
I'll earn the right to be someone who just writes another book, you know, about something else.
And the key ingredient is to be passionately interested in what you're writing about.
And not to write it because... Good line.
Not to write it because you just want to write another book.
Or because someone thinks there's a market for it, or because that's what you're supposed to be doing.
I have the greatest respect for writers.
Writers I really know and respect.
like Justin Kaplan or David McCullough who invest time and energy and resources in a book and discover they don't want to do it anymore.
Right.
And give it up.
Justin Kaplan, he's done it too often.
He's given up books.
Just gave up a book on William James.
He gave up a book on Grant.
Really?
The Grant book came out.
The Feely's book came out.
It's a surprise.
It takes care of that.
But there's no reason for him giving up on William James.
He wrote the Mark Twain biography, which I loved.
David McCullough gave up a book on Picasso.
Really?
Yeah.
And I said, why?
I said, the more I got to know him, the more I disliked him.
Is that right?
Yeah.
The more I disliked him and the more I disliked what I was doing, and they gave it up.
And then he was working on...
He was working on a Teddy Roosevelt book, on the other hand, with the McFeely book.
So they were both working on Teddy Roosevelt books.
And he was also doing a Grant book, pointing the Cambridge across the river to Justin Campbell.
I would love to read a book about Teddy Roosevelt.
Oh, you can say that.
Say that again.
That we're coming into a Teddy Roosevelt-like age where there's room for a reformer as politicians.
And my candidate for the job of Teddy Roosevelt was John McCain.
He blew up my ship.
I was on the Ariskanese.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Did he fly off your ship when he shot down?
Yeah, I wasn't on it.
I joined it in 68.
I mean, too vietnamese.
He was a miskinete pilot.
You weren't on it when he flew off then?
I was not.
I joined in 68.
When he got shot down I was 66, 67.
Right.
67.
67, so just a year before I came aboard.
He was 790th out of a class of 795.
That was in the Times Magazine.
Right.
Jesus.
You've got to try.
That's amazing, isn't it?
It's funny, you were saying how McCullough gave up a book because he didn't like the subject.
No one ever gives up a magazine article because they don't like the subject.
Just the opposite.
Sometimes they take the magazine article.
But you can't write a book about someone you don't like.
A good book.
I think it's very hard.
It's very hard.
Now, on the other hand, McCullough, when that Teddy Roosevelt book came out, and that's a very good book, by the way, it's McFeely's.
McFeely's book was published by Martin, as a matter of fact, about 15 years ago.
Terrific book.
He was working on it, and he went ahead.
This was Simon Schuster, a very, very commercial house.
And he said, trust me, this is going to be different.
This was mornings on horseback.
It was really about the formative years of Teddy.
It was Teddy as a boy growing up in New York City.
And it was good, and it did make the best somewhere.
So he actually had the courage to continue.
Of course, if he didn't have the path between the seas and the Brooklyn Bridge before him, Simon Schuster never would have allowed him to do it.
Well, you were in the right.
He's my favorite.
I love Macaulay because his history and his scholarship is impeccable, and he captures you and engages you.
I've not read the Truman book, but I've been meaning to.
Read the Panama Canal book.
It's just taking a subject.
He's my hero.
He really is.
totally arcane and challenging subject and really making it